Hello, I want to share with you
delicious Italian recipe
ice cream called she semifredo
for making this dessert to us
need frozen berries or
fruits or fresh fruits and berries that
do you like granulated sugar or sugar
my name is shock powder I'll grind
coffee grinder then we need cream fat
30-35 per cent, and in fact a very
Semifredo resin is ricotta cheese
I'd like to add that ricotta cheese
refers to low-fat cheeses per 100
gram there are only nine
percent and if you compare for example
you parmesan the web app mezzanine 100
grams twenty eight percent fat he
has a neutral taste and and is suitable for
cooking dessert
as well as for other ricotta dishes you can
use absolutely anyone like you
find me in my shop here 250
we ’ll pick you up just right for
preparations
in my recipe, semifredo
let's get started we need to take 50 grams
Sahara
I certainly know that in a glass of 200 grams
but I used to measure everything electronically
weights take 50 grams of sugar
I'll take those feelings over 250 grams
principle enough
on the way 64 now we need to unscrew
grind it long states of sugar
Powder Probably Powder Ready We Need
bring down ricotta icing sugar
we put it in the beater
mix a little to the icing sugar
didn't fly out of the bowl
that's what happened principle was serving
short minutes then there are three four now
we need to take
cream we need room cream
temperatures here I have half a liter to us
only need not need can be left for
another dessert measuring ska cups
We are half Dmitrov relying we need 150
milliliters of cream another capacity to us
you need to beat 150 milliliters of cream for
double the volume at the very
juice speed
cream huddled increased double
shot down a very long time 10 10 minutes now
we need to gently mix the cream with
ricotta
gently mix the cream with ricotta
mixed set aside to the side
now we need berries and i will
I found such a container here with me
frozen strawberries i'm a little bit and and
made smaller because berry i will
layered frozen berries a
cut them while they are not thawed
urgently need them to put the container so
as re- thawed frozen
berries and loses its beneficial properties
first we make a record layer and with
cream
gently level
put it your own fruit
more precisely our boats
I love a lot of berries and accordingly
level and add the rest
creamy
couple cult layer
leveled
nothing that the berries are visible yes even beautiful
and we clean it all night in the freezer
Freeda I got out of the freezer
cut with a hot knife on the opposite
pieces he laid out a little plate
sprinkled with your favorite raspberry jam
and sprinkled tight which usually
eat at breakfast try make
write in the comments if everyone likes
thank you for your attention bye
Hello, I want to share with you
delicious Italian recipe
ice cream no not so hello now
I will cook very tasty
Italian ice cream really love him
I want to eat hello to you
I want to share oysters with her
with you to share a recipe very
delicious italian ice cream
called very beautifully strong for his
preparations we need for
cooking this ice cream cold
we will need any frozen ones
the fruits that you have acted in
ricotta freezer
so why do I know for comparison I will say that
Parmesan is not 100 grams twenty
eight percent fat so I compare no
yes yes yes yes in all my recipes I'm with
him sleep record how to
record or ricotta you write them
need i not enough you can not even
I will not mix
mix with curd mass no
berry i'll burn on well i when i
going to be layered with frozen
With mass there is no they all possible
alliance nobody knows what frozen year
You can cut for example I did not know very much
good to know it will be great
you can cut that who does not know how I
you will buy to stand